Update README.md (#1)
hashicorp/learn-terraform-conditions: README.md

Terraform condition blocks produce custom error messages for several types of
objects in a configuration.

> Follow along with this [Hashicorp tutorial](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/aws/conditions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow along with this [Hashicorp tutorial](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/configuration-language/custom-conditions).
```
